In this portion of the homework assignments, we were tasked with creating an interactive quiz program that allows for multiply choices, a timer countdown and the penalty for a wrong answer. I had quite a bit of fun creating this program.  Establishing what I found to be fun and difficult questions to challenge the user was of particular interest, along with personalizing each slide to fit the topic of question being asked.  For the purpose of running the functions I JavaScript, I primarily used JQuery and found it to be a much easier and user friendly means of programming.  I certainly cuts down on the length of code, making it easier to decipher and troubleshoot when a problem did occur.  
For this assignment I again had to spend plenty of time reading documentation, watching many tutorials and comparing my code against that of existing quiz code to debug and problem solve anything that wasn't working or if the syntax was properly written.  At one point I did have an issue with logging my correct answers in the sessionStorage, but my tutor was of great help with realizing I hadn't called on the function, so the remedy was a simple call on the init() function, which made my code decipher the correct answers, rendering a readout of the users score.  I was actually able to stump a few people with my quiz questions, which made me feel pretty good.  lol.
One particularly tough aspect of this quiz was setting the timer to display and function on the page as I had intended.  At this point, I have not been able to assign a penalty to a wrong answer, but am working on that as I write this README.  
Another thing I enjoyed about this assignment, other than the styling and personalization of each quiz question, was inserting a few prompts and alerts to make this quiz seem even more interactive.  Also, giving and initial clue to the trickery of some of these questions.  No one at first seemed to read this questions too carefully, although they had been alerted to do so.
All in all, I did really enjoy this assignment.  I admit, I prefer coding from scratch opposed to receiving starter code.  It gives me a sense of more control and it's easier to chase down problems when I am more familiar with the base code from top to bottom.  With the outcome of this quiz, I look forward to honing my skills and working more with JavaScript in the future to increase my knowledge and overall ability to use it most affectively for creating dynamic and interactive web pages. 